The most, the most challenging part of my job is probably being able to
manage everything that's given to you without really fussing about
it. Some things you agree with, some things you won't agree with, and
you have to make sure that the part that you agree with, you know
you say it very, very clearly to your people. The parts that you don't
agree with, sometimes you have to actually tell your boss hey you
know what it's better this way, and whatever answer you get is whether
you know you can convince him or whether you have the materials
that it takes to convince him, otherwise you have to be strong in whatever
your convictions are and present it to your people. So it's
very good to take all of your input, everything that everybody's trying
to tell you, and make sure that you understand it correctly and
that you can present it correctly. That's probably the most challenging
part of my job.